.\" Manpage for goenvtemplator2.
.\" Contact sklik-devops@firma.seznam.cz to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "03 May 2017" "1.0" "goenvtemplator2 man page"
.SH NAME
goenvtemplator2 \- Tool to template configuration files by environment variables and optionaly replace itself with target binary.
.SH SYNOPSIS
goenvtemplator2 [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
goenvtemplator2 is a simple app, that can template your config files by environment variables and optionally replace itself (by exec syscall) with the application binary. So at the end your application runs directly under the process that run this tool like docker as if it was originally the entrypoint itself.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI "\-alsologtostderr"\fR
log to standard error as well as files
.TP
.BI "\-delim-left \fIstring"\fR
(text/template only) Override default left delimiter {{.
.TP
.BI "\-delim-right \fIstring"
(text/template only) Override default right delimiter }}.
.TP
.BI "\-engine \fIstring"
Override default text/template [supports: text/template, pongo] (default "text/template")
.TP
.BI "\-env-file \fIvalue"
Additional file with environment variables. Can be passed multiple times.
.TP
.BI "\-exec"\fR
Activates exec by command. First non-flag arguments is the command, the rest are it's arguments.
.TP
.BI "\-log_backtrace_at \fIvalue"
when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace
.TP
.BI "\-log_dir \fIstring"
If non-empty, write log files in this directory
.TP
.BI "\-logtostderr"
log to standard error instead of files
.TP
.BI "\-stderrthreshold \fIvalue"
logs at or above this threshold go to stderr
.TP
.BI "\-template \fIvalue"
Template (/template:/dest). Can be passed multiple times.
.TP
.BI "\-v \fIvalue"
log level for V logs
.TP
.BI "\-version"
Prints version.
.TP
.BI "\-vmodule \fIvalue"
comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging

.SH SEE ALSO
envsubst(1), env(1)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Sklik-Devops (sklik.devops@firma.seznam.cz)
